manual.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: MOSFIRE DRP Manual
permalink: /manual/
---

# Table of Contents

1. [Changes in Version 2016](changes)
2. [Preface](preface)
3. [Installing the Data Reduction Pipeline](installing)
4. [Retrieve Your Data](retrieve)
5. [DRP First Reduction Step: Handle](handle)
6. [Automatic Generation of the Driver File](autodriver)
7. [The driver.py File](driver)
8. [Flats](flats)
9. [Wavelength Calibration – Y, J, and H Bands](wavelengthYJH)
10. [Wavelength Calibration – K Band](wavelengthK)
11. [Background Subtraction](background)
12. [Rectify](rectify)
13. [Long2pos Reductions](long2pos)
14. [Longslit Reductions](longslit)
15. [A Word About Header Comments](headercomments)
16. [Some Hints](hints)

The manual is also available in pdf form: [MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf](MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf)

<hr>
Note: pdf version of the manual is generated from the individual markdown files for each section by running `pandoc -o MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf *md` from the `_manual/` subdirectory of this repository.
<hr>

Commit message:

Add beta disclaimers (remove once 2016 is released).

manual.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: MOSFIRE DRP Manual
permalink: /manual/
---

NOTE: This is a __beta__ version of the manual being developed for the 2016 release of the MOSFIRE Data Reduction Pipeline.  The actual, released manual can be found at the official [MOSFIRE DRP github page](http://keck-datareductionpipelines.github.io/MosfireDRP/).

# Table of Contents

1. [Changes in Version 2016](changes)
2. [Preface](preface)
3. [Installing the Data Reduction Pipeline](installing)
4. [Retrieve Your Data](retrieve)
5. [DRP First Reduction Step: Handle](handle)
6. [Automatic Generation of the Driver File](autodriver)
7. [The driver.py File](driver)
8. [Flats](flats)
9. [Wavelength Calibration – Y, J, and H Bands](wavelengthYJH)
10. [Wavelength Calibration – K Band](wavelengthK)
11. [Background Subtraction](background)
12. [Rectify](rectify)
13. [Long2pos Reductions](long2pos)
14. [Longslit Reductions](longslit)
15. [A Word About Header Comments](headercomments)
16. [Some Hints](hints)

The manual is also available in pdf form: [MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf](MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf)

<hr>
Note: pdf version of the manual is generated from the individual markdown files for each section by running `pandoc -o MOSFIRE_DRP_Manual.pdf *md` from the `_manual/` subdirectory of this repository.
<hr>
